Lord McNally said restorative justice was 'not a soft option', after visiting a probation trust and a prison in Norwich to see how offenders there are being made to face up to their crimes. The latest inspection report of Youth Offending work in England and Wales was published today. The Government has accepted the recommendations of Pay Review Bodies for public sector pay awards for 2011-12. 
Experts have been enlisted to help the GovernmentOs discussions on how to improve the care system in England, Care Services Minister Paul Burstow announced today. Tax-free children's savings accounts, known as 'Junior ISAs', will be available from 1 November 2011. Reforms to the coroner system will ensure that inquests are more timely, more efficient and more effective, Minister Jonathan Djanogly said. 
This release presents updated estimates of key public spending outturn series against two frameworks. Record numbers of unscrupulous or unauthorised claims management companies have been shut down by the Ministry of Justice in the last year. The National Archives TNA will publish an international online catalogue of looted art taken by the Nazis for the first time.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, today announced the opening of bidding for pound 50 million of funding for superfast broadband roll-out in the UK. A new crime of squatting has been proposed by Justice Minister Crispin Blunt as part of a range of proposals designed to protect both home and business property owners from the problem. Foreign Secretary William Hague said that the best outcome in New York this week would be for the Palestinians and Israelis to agree to return to direct negotiations. 
A public consultation on the future shape of the youth secure estate was launched today by the Ministry of Justice and the Youth Justice Board. The outcome of the competition for the management of five prisons has been announcement today by the Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice, Kenneth Clarke. Good morning and thank you Damian for those kind words of introduction. 
New Criminal Justice Statisticspublished for the first time todayshow a dramatic increase in the number of criminals who persistently reoffend. The government wants to change how long Employment and Support Allowance or ESA can be paid in some circumstances. Work to address women's offending can continue at 26 community projects thanks to a one off O'3. 
The Ministry of Justice has published detailed court statistics related to the public disorder in England for the first time. George Osborne spoke to an invited audience at Bloomberg in London about the current state of the economy. 30,000 jobs could be created if the construction of a new high speed rail line from London to Birmingham goes ahead, Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, said today. 
The Chancellor has appointed Kate Barker and Lord Burns as non-executive members of the Office for Budget Responsibility OBR. This release presents updated estimates of key public spending outturn series against two frameworks. Edward Davey has today announced a new Consumer Bill of Rights, which will streamline confusing and overlapping legislation and regulation, and provide stronger consumer protection. 
Minister Jonathan Djanogly said the legal industry already makes a 'huge contribution' to the UK economy, but has the potential to boost growth further. The preferred candidate to be the next Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Probation for England and Wales has been announced today. The Chancellor has announced today an increase in the rate of the bank levy to be charged in 2011. 
The Government response to a consultation on proposals to move British Waterways from a public corporation to a new charity has been published today. The public is today being asked to vote to find the best ideas from over 44,000 submitted to the Treasury as part of the public engagement through the Spending Challenge website. In his Budget statement today the Chancellor announced that payment to the Civil List for calendar year 2011 will be unchanged at pound 7. 
Plans to strengthen the UK's reputation as a world leader in legal services were unveiled by Justice Secretary Kenneth Clarke and Minister for Trade and Investment Lord Green today. The preferred candidate to be the next Prisons and Probation Ombudsman for England and Wales has been announced today. The latest inspection report of Youth Offending work in England and Wales was published today. 
Experts have been enlisted to help the GovernmentOs discussions on how to improve the care system in England, Care Services Minister Paul Burstow announced today. Probation staff in Northumbria have helped score top marks for keeping offenders on the straight and narrow. Volunteers who are using mediation to heal community rifts have featured on national television. 
Eric Pickles announced that Robert Light has been appointed to the Audit Commission Board, as the Government presses ahead with the disbandment of the Commission. Referral fees for personal injury cases will be banned to help tackle rising insurance costs, as part of the GovernmentOs commitment to curb compensation culture. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has this day appointed Eric Evelyn Illsley to be Steward and Bailiff of the Three Hundreds of Chiltern.